Create ui-c8y-1022-16-2-breadcrumbs-not-visible-in-alarm-tab-for-a-device.md (#3634)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/device-management/ui-c8y-1022-16-2-breadcrumbs-not-visible-in-alarm-tab-for-a-device.md

---
date: ""

> title: Fixed missing breadcrumbs in device alarm tab

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Fixed missing breadcrumbs in the Alarms tab
```

product_area: Device management & connectivity
change_type:
  - value: change-VSkj2iV9m
    label: Fix
component:
  - value: component--KIsStyzM
    label: Device Management app
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-pjJiURv9Y
    label: ui-c8y
ticket: DM-4898
version: 1022.16.2
---

> In **Device management** , the breadcrumbs navigation was not shown when viewing the **Alarms** tab of a specific device. This issue has been resolved and the breadcrumbs are now correctly displayed in the **Alarms** tab.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the device details, the breadcrumbs navigation was not shown when viewing the **Alarms** tab of a specific device. This issue has been resolved. The breadcrumbs are now correctly displayed in the **Alarms** tab.
```

---
date: ""
title: Breadcrumbs not visible in alarm tab for a device
product_area: Device management & connectivity
change_type:
  - value: change-VSkj2iV9m
    label: Fix
component:
  - value: component--KIsStyzM
    label: Device Management app
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-pjJiURv9Y
    label: ui-c8y
ticket: DM-4898
version: 1022.16.2
---
Co-authored-by: Bozhidar Dedov <95280800+bozhidardedov@users.noreply.github.com>

> Co-authored-by: Alekhya Kelallatur <alekhya.margam@cumulocity.com>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In **Device management** , the breadcrumbs navigation was not shown when viewing the **Alarms** tab of a specific device. This issue has been resolved and the breadcrumbs are now correctly displayed in the **Alarms** tab.
```
